Notes regarding sidePanel API compatibility (#37508)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/add-ons/webextensions/chrome_incompatibilities/index.md

- **In Chrome**: Proxy settings are defined in a [`proxy.ProxyConfig`](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/extensions/reference/api/proxy#type-ProxyConfig) object. Depending on Chrome's proxy settings, the settings may contain [`proxy.ProxyRules`](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/extensions/reference/api/proxy#type-ProxyRules) or a [`proxy.PacScript`](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/extensions/reference/api/proxy#type-PacScript). Proxies are set using the [proxy.settings](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/extensions/reference/api/proxy#property-settings) property.
  See [chrome.proxy](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/extensions/reference/api/proxy) for more information on the API.

#### Sidebar API

Firefox and Chrome provide incompatible APIs for working with a [sidebar](/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/user_interface/Sidebars).

- **In Firefox (and Opera)**: a sidebar is specified with the [`sidebar_action`](/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/manifest.json/sidebar_action) manifest key and manipulated with the {{WebExtAPIRef("sidebarAction")}} API.

> - **In Chrome**: an initial sidebar can be specified with the `side_panel` manifest key. The [`sidePanel` API](https://help.opera.com/en/extensions/sidebar-action-api) then enables panels to be manipulated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **In Chrome**: an initial sidebar can be specified with the `side_panel` manifest key. The [`sidePanel` API](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/extensions/reference/api/sidePanel) then enables panels to be manipulated.
```
